OADP-2424 Support the standardized STS configuration flow via OLM and CCO for OADP (#66903)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-oadp-rosa-sts.adoc

  --from-file=${SCRATCH}/credentials
----

[NOTE]
====

> In OCP 4.14 and later, the OADP Operator supports a new standardized STS workflow via Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} versions 4.14 and later, the OADP Operator supports a new standardized STS workflow via the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)
```

> In {product-title} versions 4.14 and later, the OADP Operator supports a new standardized STS workflow via the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)

Reviewer 2: Does via in this context refer to "routing data" ? https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#v

Author: @stevsmit 
No, not really. I've changed it to 'through'. Commits are squashed. Thank you!

> and Cloud Credentials Operator (CCO). In this workflow, you do not need to create the above

Reviewer: Maybe 
workflow -> process
Up to you!

> secret, you just need to supply the role ARN during link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/operators/user-tasks#olm-installing-from-operatorhub-using-web-console_olm-installing-operators-in-namespace[the installation of OLM-managed operators via the the {product-title} web console].

Reviewer: just -> only
